One more chance Brian let's forget all this nonsense do it's mr. Shepherd propose right here right now
Brian is
This how the Duke family handles business deals
By forcing a ring on someone do it. Well, you can kiss goodbye all future investments with the Duke family
There you humiliate yourself
Dare you do you really like this nobody from nowhere? Yes
But I can't imagine someone like her interesting me the truth is I wouldn't be here where I am today without her
Why would you choose someone like her?
Exactly this woman is trouble. She doesn't belong here
You do realize that there is no investment meeting without me
interesting turn of events
Perhaps it's time we shed some light on your mysterious past
Do you actually think that just because you have the name Laura that you're the missing heiress Laura Lewis